If you pick some one, you're really safe. If they pick you, you have to be careful. -Pen Jillette
Don’t be the person who says yes with their mouth but no with their actions. -Ryan Holiday
Don't slay dragons that aren't in your way. -Jordan Peterson
A wealth of information creates a poverty of attention. -Herbert Simon
The secret of being miserable is to have the leisure to bother about whether you are happy or not. -George Bernard Shaw
You will never change your life until you change something you do daily. -John Maxwell
Almost everything will work again if you unplug it for a few minutes, including you. -Anne Lamott
Select your purpose … selfless, without any thought of personal pleasure or personal profit, and then use selfless means to attain your goal. -Gandhi
The essence of the independent mind lies not in what it thinks, but in how it thinks. -Christopher Hitchens
You want to deliver to the world what you would buy if you were on the other end. -Shane Parrish, Farnham Street
To get what you want, deserve what you want. Trust, success, and admiration are earned. -Charlie Munger
Dress shabbily and they remember the dress; dress impeccably and they remember the woman. -Coco Chanel
You cannot overestimate the unimportance of practically everything. -John Maxwell
Without courage we cannot practice any other virtue with consistency. We can't be kind, true, merciful, generous, or honest. -Maya Angelou
There are a whole lot of things in this world of ours you haven't even started wondering about yet. -Roald Dahl
A man is about as big as the things that make him angry. -Winston Churchill
Between two evils, I generally like to pick the one I never tried before. -Mae West
The best things in life are free. The second best things are very, very expensive. -Coco Chanel
All cruelty springs from weakness. -Seneca
The busy man is least busy with living. -Seneca
The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it. -Henry David Thoreau
Learning to let go should be learned before learning to get. Life should be touched, not strangled. You’ve got to relax, let it happen at times, and at others move forward with it. -Ray Bradbury
We have two lives, and the second begins when we realize we only have one. -Confucius
As long as you live, keep learning how to live. -Seneca
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and discover that the prisoner was you. - Lewis B. Smedes
